---
layout: blog
category: blog
splash: "{{site.baseurl}}/media/banner.jpg"
tags: null
published: false
title: blah
---

Recently, I was listening to a song called _“The Shepherd”_ by The Walking Tree. One line in the song says, _“My days are numbered, I can’t fall asleep.”_ As soon as I heard those words, fear infected me like the black plague. _“My days are numbered”_… instantly I was reminded that my life is fleeting and that it could be gone tomorrow. My mind raced to my baby on the way, my husband that I love dearly, and the realization that my loved ones and I won’t last forever. Someday I will draw my final breath and only the Lord knows when that time is. This is a dreadful and terrifying thought.

**But, it doesn’t have to be.**

Soon after those thoughts flooded my brain, my fear was replaced by good news. Like a light switch being flipped, I went from the awful reality of death to soul satisfying truth. **The truth is death is not the final word because death has been defeated by Christ.** I do not have to be enslaved to the fear of dying because when this earthly life ends, an even greater one begins.

Jesus came to earth, lived a perfect and sinless life (something I could never do), and took his last breath on the cross dying for **my** sins. Because of this, I can rest knowing that even though my days on earth are numbered, I will spend eternity with Him. **That’s the best place to be.**

It gets even better. After this life, the presence and power of sin is gone. No longer will I have to deal with sin, it’s effects, and this war that goes on in my heart. You see, as I live my days I’m always putting myself before others, I don’t live up to God’s standards, I’m a mess. Thankfully that’s not the end of my story and I take great comfort knowing that when I’m in heaven there will not be a trace of sin in me.

Even though my life is temporary, I don’t have to be afraid of death because Jesus has secured my eternal life. He has done everything that was needed in order for me to spend eternity with Him. In speaking about death, scripture says:

<blockquote>
<sup>55</sup>'Death is swallowed up in victory.<br>
O death, where is your victory?<br>
O death, where is your sting?'<br>
<sup>56</sup>The sting of death is sin, and the power of sin is the law. <sup>57</sup>But thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. <cite>- 1 Corinthians 15:55-57</cite></blockquote>

<div class="Video-wrapper">
<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Vd61rQSJF10?rel=0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>






