---
layout: blog
category: blog
published: true
title: Rest
banner: 'https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/7865248/cornbread/rest/banner.jpg'
preview: 'https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/7865248/cornbread/rest/banner.jpg'
---
One thing I’ve learned about myself is that I need art therapy. Taking a break from everything and doing something creative - for no other reason but to create - refreshes me and motivates me to do the things that I’m responsible for. There’s something about seeing the brightly colored paint, mixing it, watering it down, and putting it on the paper that is therapeutic to me.

The real definition of the word _rest_ is to cease work or movement in order to relax, refresh oneself, or recover strength. I can easily run myself ragged some days doing task after task amidst taking care of my little one. In the busyness of life, I have found that to keep my sanity and to be an enjoyable person to be around, I have to get my supplies out and make something for no reason. 

The word _rest_ speaks to me about being intentional to slow down and take a break, but it also has a larger, more profound meaning. I must continually rest in the finished work of Christ. This is hard for me. My natural tendency is to try to work for God to earn heaven, to clean myself up before I go to Him, or follow all the rules so I can be right with Him. But this is impossible and God isn’t like that at all. 

**Everything that needed to be done in order for me to be in good standing with God was accomplished on the cross.** 

Christ said, “It is finished.” Being saved is pure gift. His word says:

<blockquote>And to the one who does not work but believes in him who justifies the ungodly, his faith is counted as righteousness <cite>- Romans 4:5</cite></blockquote>
 
Instead of working to try to clean myself up, daily I’m struggling to rest in the truth that He sees me as clean and perfect. This is not because of anything that I’ve done or do, but because of Christ.

Rest in what has already been accomplished.
